CBOR Feature Drop: COSE (#2412)
Kotlin/kotlinx.serialization: docs/formats.md

   FF            # primitive(*)
```

### Definite vs. Indefinite Length Encoding
CBOR supports two encodings for maps and arrays: definite and indefinite length encoding. kotlinx.serialization defaults
to the latter, which means that a map's or array's number of elements is not encoded, but instead a terminating byte is
appended after the last element.
Definite length encoding, on the other hand, omits this terminating byte, but instead prepends number of elements
to the contents of a map or array. The `writeDefiniteLengths` configuration switch allows for toggling between the two
modes of encoding.

### Tags and Labels

CBOR allows for optionally defining *tags* for properties and their values. These tags are encoded into the resulting
byte string to transport additional information
(see [RFC 8949 Tagging of Items](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc8949#name-tagging-of-items) for more info).

> The  [`@KeyTags`](Tags.kt) and [`@ValueTags`](Tags.kt) annotations can be used to define such tags while.

Author: done

   FF            # primitive(*)
```

### Definite vs. Indefinite Length Encoding
CBOR supports two encodings for maps and arrays: definite and indefinite length encoding. kotlinx.serialization defaults
to the latter, which means that a map's or array's number of elements is not encoded, but instead a terminating byte is
appended after the last element.
Definite length encoding, on the other hand, omits this terminating byte, but instead prepends number of elements
to the contents of a map or array. The `writeDefiniteLengths` configuration switch allows for toggling between the two
modes of encoding.

### Tags and Labels

CBOR allows for optionally defining *tags* for properties and their values. These tags are encoded into the resulting
byte string to transport additional information
(see [RFC 8949 Tagging of Items](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc8949#name-tagging-of-items) for more info).
The  [`@KeyTags`](Tags.kt) and [`@ValueTags`](Tags.kt) annotations can be used to define such tags while
writing and verifying such tags can be toggled using the  `writeKeyTags`, `writeValueTags`, `verifyKeyTags`, and
`verifyValueTags` configuration switches respectively.

> In addition, it is possible to directly declare classes to always be tagged, whether a singular object of such a class

Author: ah, crud! I meant to fix that comment

> In addition, it is possible to directly declare classes to always be tagged, whether a singular object of such a class

Author: clarified and tested in e1c048351c39385ec0b94bc0a5faf930491bc319

value-tagged property of an object-tagged type will have the value tags preceding the object tags.
Writing and verifying object tags can be toggled using the `writeObjectTags` and `verifyObjectTags` configuration
switches. Note that verifying only value tags can result in some data with superfluous tags to still deserialize
successfully, since in this case - by definition - only a partial validation of tags happens.  
A predefined Cbor instance (in addition to the default [`Cbor.Default`](Cbor.kt) one) is available, writing and verifying
all tags as [`Cbor.Tagging`](Cbor.kt).

In addition, CBOR supports keys of all types which work just as `SerialName`s.
COSE restricts this again to strings and numbers and calls these restricted map keys *labels*. String labels can be
assigned by using `@SerialName`, while number labels can be assigned using the [`@CborLabel`](CborLabel.kt) annotation.
The `preferCborLabelsOverNames` configuration switch can be used to prefer number labels over SerialNames in case both
are present for a property. This duality allows for compact representation of a type when serialized to CBOR, while
keeping expressive diagnostic names when serializing to JSON.

> Well-known tags are specified in [`ValueTags.Companion`](ValueTags.kt).

Author: fixed in 40ba712a446fb92019263800afa67852edd5a351

CBOR supports two encodings for maps and arrays: definite and indefinite length encoding. kotlinx.serialization defaults
to the latter, which means that a map's or array's number of elements is not encoded, but instead a terminating byte is
appended after the last element.
Definite length encoding, on the other hand, omits this terminating byte, but instead prepends number of elements
to the contents of a map or array. The `useDefiniteLengthEncoding` configuration switch allows for toggling between the
two modes of encoding.

### Tags and Labels

CBOR allows for optionally defining *tags* for properties and their values. These tags are encoded into the resulting
byte string to transport additional information
(see [RFC 8949 Tagging of Items](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc8949#name-tagging-of-items) for more info).
The  [`@KeyTags`](Tags.kt) and [`@ValueTags`](Tags.kt) annotations can be used to define such tags while
writing and verifying such tags can be toggled using the  `encodeKeyTags`, `encodeValueTags`, `verifyKeyTags`, and
`verifyValueTags` configuration switches respectively.
In addition, it is possible to directly declare classes to always be tagged.

> This then applies to isolated objects of such a tagged class being serialized and to objects of such a class used as

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This then applies to all instances of such a tagged class, regardless of whether they are used as values in a list or when they are used as a property in another class.
```

I think this variant is simpler and easier to understand.

> values in a list, but also or when they are used as a property in another class.

Reviewer: Don't forget to delete this line after accepting the suggestion
